ICICI BANK PROBATIONARY OFFICER RECRUITMENT

GROUP DISCUSSION & INTERVIEW PROCESS, November 2015 Batch

Dear S Aadhithyan,

Login ID: CHPO08081500082

Congratulations on having successfully cleared the online aptitude test for ICICI Bank’s recruitment process for probationary officers.

We are pleased to invite you to participate in the next round of the selection process consisting of group discussion and interview.

Please read the instructions in the mail very carefully. This invitation is meant for the purpose of ICICI Bank Probationary Officer recruitment process only. 
Please treat the invitation as private and confidential.

A.     We request you to report for the Group Discussion/interview process on the below mentioned date, time and venue:

Date: 10th September 2015

Location: Chennai

Address: ICICI BANK LIMITED, ICICI BANK TOWERS, REGIONAL OFFICE, 24, SOUTH PHASE, AMBATTUR INDUSTRIAL ESTATE, AMBATTUR, TAMIL NADU

Time: 12:00:00 PM

Please keep adequate time at hand to cater to various stages of the GD & PI process. Please report at the venue 30 minutes before the schedule time. 

B.     The  Selection Process would include three sub steps :

1.      Online Personality Profiling: Please ensure that you have completed the OPQ as per instructions in last mail. If not, please complete the same before 4:00 pm 
7th Sept 2015.

2.      Group Discussion: On the day of the process, you shall appear for case study based group discussion (GD).GD process is designed to assess applicants on 
orientation towards group cohesiveness and analytical skills. (Please refer section ‘C’ for the details.)

3.      Personal Interview: Applicants shortlisted after GD process will undergo a personal interview process on that day itself.

C.     The GD will be based on any one of the four enclosed case studies (Refer annexure). The choice of the topic will be as per the discretion of the panelist.

·         Please note that you are not expected to know the scenario by heart or quote facts from the shared scenarios. They are just to initiate you into the given to
pics. 

·         You are requested to go through all the cases and prepare yourself in advance with your understanding of the topics. You can also refer external information
 sources (newspaper, internet, etc.) for the same. You shall not be provided any extra time during the GD process to go through the cases.

·         The GD process evaluation shall be on your perspective about the case, thought process and interpersonal skills. 

·         You are not supposed to carry any sort of documents/written notes to support your understanding during the GD process.

D.   Please carry two photocopies of the following mandatory documents for the Group Discussion Process:
 
•Copy of this mail.
•A copy of your latest CV
•Photo Id Proof (Driving license, Passport, Voters Id, PAN card, Government college Id)
•SC/ST certificate (If applicable)
•A copy of your passport size photograph
•Attested Photocopies of the following :

ü  Class 10 mark sheet & certificate.

ü  Class 12 mark sheet & certificate

ü  Graduation mark sheets of all semesters & certificate (In case your graduation results are awaited, please bring your previous years mark sheets and provisional 
certificates)

For any further queries/clarifications email us at po.programme@icicibank.com , Call 040-61061068/ 61061069 between 9.30am to 5.00pm. 

We look forward to your participation in the Probationary Officer Recruitment process and wish you a successful career ahead.

Regards,

Neha Dubey

ICICI HRMG